This is Qt version %VERSION%.

Qt is a comprehensive cross-platform C++ application framework. Qt 4
introduces new features and many improvements over the 3.x series. See
http://qt.nokia.com/doc/latest/qt4-intro.html for details.

The Qt 4.x series is not binary compatible or source compatible with
the 3.x series. For more information on porting from Qt 3 to Qt 4, see
http://qt.nokia.com/doc/latest/porting4.html.


INSTALLING Qt

On Windows and Mac OS X, if you want to install the precompiled binary
packages, simply launch the package and follow the instructions in the
installation wizard.

On Mac OS X, the binary package requires Mac OS X 10.4.x (Tiger) or
later and GCC 4.0.1 to develop applications. Its applications will run
on Mac OS X 10.3.9 and above.

If you have a source package (a .tar.gz, .tar.bz2, or .zip file),
follow the instructions in the INSTALL file.


DEMOS AND EXAMPLES

Once Qt is installed, we suggest that you take a look at the demos and
examples to see Qt in action. Run the Qt Examples and Demos either by
typing 'qtdemo' on the command line or through the desktop's Start
menu. On Mac OS X, you can find it in /Developers/Applications/Qt.


REFERENCE DOCUMENTATION

The Qt reference documentation is available locally in Qt's doc/html
directory. You can use Qt Assistant to view it; to launch Assistant,
type 'assistant' on the command line or use the Start menu. On Mac OS
X, you can find it in /Developer/Applications/Qt.  The latest
documentation is available at http://qt.nokia.com/doc/.


SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

For this release, the following platforms have been tested:

  win32-g++        (mingw)
  win32-msvc
  win32-msvc2003
  win32-msvc2005
  win32-msvc2008

  aix-xlc
  aix-xlc-64
  hpux-acc
  hpux-acc-64
  hpux-acc-o64
  hpux-g++
  hpux-g++-64
  hpuxi-acc-32
  hpuxi-acc-64
  linux-g++
  linux-icc
  linux-icc-32
  linux-icc-64
  solaris-cc
  solaris-cc-64
  solaris-g++
  solaris-g++-64

  macx-g++
  macx-g++42

  qws/linux-x86-g++
  qws/linux-arm-g++

  wince50standard-armv4i-msvc2005
  wince50standard-armv4i-msvc2008
  wince50standard-mipsii-msvc2005
  wince50standard-mipsii-msvc2008
  wince50standard-x86-msvc2005
  wince50standard-x86-msvc2008
  wincewm50pocket-msvc2005
  wincewm50pocket-msvc2008
  wincewm50smart-msvc2005
  wincewm50smart-msvc2008
  wincewm60professional-msvc2005
  wincewm60professional-msvc2008
  wincewm60standard-msvc2005
  wincewm60standard-msvc2008

For a complete list of supported platforms, see
http://qt.nokia.com/doc/supported-platforms.html.


COMMERCIAL EDITIONS

Desktop Edition licensees can use all the modules provided with their
Qt package.

GUI Framework licensees may only use the classes contained in
the QtCore, QtGui (except QGraphicsView), QtTest, QtDBus and
Qt3Support modules.

For a full listing of the contents of each module, please refer to 
http://qt.nokia.com/doc/4.4/modules.html.


HOW TO REPORT A BUG

If you think you have found a bug in Qt, we would like to hear about
it so that we can fix it. Before reporting a bug, please check
http://qt.nokia.com/developer/faqs/ and
http://qt.nokia.com/products/appdev/platform/platforms/ to see if
the issue is already known.

Always include the following information in your bug report: the name
and version number of your compiler; the name and version number of
your operating system; the version of Qt you are using, and what
configure options it was compiled with.

If the problem you are reporting is only visible at run-time, try to
create a small test program that shows the problem when run. Often,
such a program can be created with some minor changes to one of the
many example programs in Qt's examples directory. Please submit the
bug report using the Task Tracker on the Qt website:

http://qt.nokia.com/developer/task-tracker


Qt is a trademark of Nokia Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies).
